# 4. SFINAE + Doxygen

Apply the knowledge acquired about templates by implementing overloaded template functions using the SFINAE mechanism. Connect the doxygen utility to the assembly farm.

### **Implement the function of printing a conditional IP address.**

Its conditionality lies in the fact that the number of elements does not necessarily have to be equal to 4 or 8, and each element does not necessarily have to be a number from the range 0..255. The only thing left from the idea of ​​an IP address is the output of elements through `.` (the dot symbol).

The function must be implemented for various input parameters using the SFINAE mechanism. In total, 3 mandatory and one optional version of the function must be executed.

1. The address can be represented as an arbitrary integer type. Output byte by byte in unsigned form, starting from the most significant byte, with the `.` (the dot symbol) as a separator. All bytes of the number are output.
2. The address can be represented as a string. Output as is, regardless of the content.
3. The address can be represented as the `std::list` and `std::vector` containers. The full contents of the container are output element by element and separated by `.` (the dot symbol). The elements are output as is.
4. Optionally, the address can be represented as a `std::tuple`, provided that all types are the same. The full contents are output element by element and separated by `.` (one dot symbol). The elements are output as is. If the tuple types are not the same, an error should be generated when compiling the code.

***The application code should contain the following calls:***
```cpp
print_ip( int8_t{-1} ); // 255
print_ip( int16_t{0} ); // 0.0
print_ip( int32_t{2130706433} ); // 127.0.0.1
print_ip( int64_t{8875824491850138409} );// 123.45.67.89.101.112.131.41
print_ip( std::string{“Hello, World!”} ); // Hello, World!
print_ip( std::vector<int>{100, 200, 300, 400} ); // 100.200.300.400
print_ip( std::list<shot>{400, 300, 200, 100} ); // 400.300.200.100
print_ip( std::make_tuple(123, 456, 789, 0) ); // 123.456.789.0
```
- **Additional task**

  Add a call to `doxygen` and publishing the html version of the documentation on github-pages to the Github Actions build pipeline. A couple of instructions on how to do this:
  1. <https://ntamonsec.blogspot.com/2020/06/github-actions-doxygen-documentation.html>
  2. <https://dev.to/denvercoder1/using-github-actions-to-publish-doxygen-docs-to-github-pages-177g>
  3. <https://wiki.jlab.org/epsciwiki/images/a/aa/HostingDocsOnGithub.pdf>

  Include the `Doxyfile` file with the `HAVE_DOT` and `EXTRACT_ALL` options enabled in the repository.
- **Additional requirements**
  1. the print function must be a single template function, the different input options must be implemented via the SFINAE mechanism
  2. the variant for integer representation must be a single function
  3. the variant for the std::list and std::vector containers must be a single function
  4. there must be no implementation of the type "if it doesn't match the others, then it's a container"
  5. find the simplest way to print a `std::string` (but the function must still be a template)
  6. the optional implementation for `std::tuple` must fail if the types differ
  7. there must be no limits on the size of integer types (in bytes), on the size of containers and tuples (number of elements)
  8. the binary and package must be named `print_ip`

### Verification

The task is considered successful if, after analyzing the code for compliance with the implementation requirements, installing the package, and running the application, the following output is generated on the screen (following the requirements for the application code):

```cpp

255
0.0
127.0.0.1
123.45.67.89.101.112.131.41
Hello, World!
100.200.300.400
400.300.200.100
123.456.789.0
```

In the event that the additional task is completed, the documentation generated by Doxygen must be published. Once successfully published, the documentation becomes available at:

[https://username.github.io](https://username.github.io/)
